contributing.md, before:

## Contributing to Deckhand

As an open source product, we welcome contributions!

### Reporting Bugs

If you've found a bug, please let us know. You can do so from the GitHub repository by clicking the "issues" tab. Please ensure your description is clear and has sufficient instructions to be able to reproduce the issue. And if you think you can fix the bug yourself, go ahead and submit a pull request with the fix!

### Pull Requests

All code changes happen through GitHub Pull Requests and we actively welcome them. To submit your pull request, follow the steps below:

- Fork and clone the repository.
- Create your feature branch.
- Make sure to cover your code with tests and that your code is linted in accordance with our linting specifications (see coding style below).
- Commit your changes locally with a clear commit message and then push to your remote repository.
- Create a Pull Request. Your pull request must have an explanation of your changes in order to be considered.

### Linting Specifications

- Tabs should be two spaces
- Use single quotes

Commit message:

Add install instructions to contributing doc

contributing.md, after:

## Contributing to Deckhand

As an open source product, we welcome contributions!

### Reporting Bugs

If you've found a bug, please let us know. You can do so from the GitHub repository by clicking the "issues" tab. Please ensure your description is clear and has sufficient instructions to be able to reproduce the issue. And if you think you can fix the bug yourself, go ahead and submit a pull request with the fix!

### Initialization

If you are cloning this repo you must run ```npm install``` and ```npm run tf-init``` to download all the necessary dependencies. 

### Pull Requests

All code changes happen through GitHub Pull Requests and we actively welcome them. To submit your pull request, follow the steps below:

- Fork and clone the repository.
- Create your feature branch.
- Make sure to cover your code with tests and that your code is linted in accordance with our linting specifications (see coding style below).
- Commit your changes locally with a clear commit message and then push to your remote repository.
- Create a Pull Request. Your pull request must have an explanation of your changes in order to be considered.

### Linting Specifications

- Tabs should be two spaces
- Use single quotes
