---
slug: deckhand-sets-sail
title: Deckhand Sets Sail!
authors: [omirza, dcorsi, oolsen, jgotts]
tags: [ai, cloud, kubernetes, deployment, learn]
---

Announcing the launch of Deckhand v1.0!

Kubernetes is hard. We know, we’ve been there. We’ve dedicated countless hours to configuring and reliably deploying these clusters across various applications and system designs. It’s no wonder that entire (highly paid) career paths have emerged to specialize in the deployment and maintenance of Kubernetes deployments.

But what makes it so complicated? The fact is, its highly customizable and flexible nature, while a strength, also demands a deep understanding of its myriad components and their interactions to map together properly. Users need to navigate a sea of configurations involving pods, services, persistent volumes, configmaps, and namespaces, among others. This complexity is further compounded when integrating Kubernetes into existing systems, requiring a thorough understanding of network, storage, and security configurations.

To top it off, Kubernetes’ reliance on YAML files for defining these configurations makes it so even minor syntax errors can lead to shipwreck. Plainly, the steep learning curve and the necessity for precise configuration have put Kubernetes in the awkward position of being too difficult for engineers whose main focus isn’t deployment, and tedious and error-prone even for experts. And so, we partnered with tech accelerator OS Labs to engineer a solution.

Read our full announcement [here](https://medium.com/@deckhanddev/drag-and-drop-kubernetes-deckhand-sets-sail-4a22f83fac21).
